Hit me, you kill me
It's my fault
Too playful when young
Ignoring your child's feelings
But I've been trying
Give you the best life
When you came home pregnant
I'm so angry too
But I know you're my own flesh and blood.
No matter when
Only family is the last port
Qixi Festival, right?
It's too late for you to say anything now
The same goes for ingots.
The support you need most when you grow up is also your family
If he knew who his father was
You can also lighten some of the burden
I grew up without a mother either
Am I not living well?
Besides, I can give him the life he wants
No one else is needed.
You became like this today
Don't you feel the warmth of family?
You want the ingot to grow
Is there a lack of love too?
Don't worry.
No matter what this man is
Even for junk pickers
We accept all the gold awards.
In your eyes
Is my taste that bad?
I didn't mean that either.
Look at Yuanbao playing games outside by himself
If he had a father
Don't you still lighten the burden?
Daddy Daddy I Want Daddy
Play ingots until the age of 5
Let your aunt take you upstairs to rest